Move user profile status to stable and private (#90439)
elastic/elasticsearch: x-pack/docs/en/rest-api/security/activate-user-profile.asciidoc

<titleabbrev>Activate user profile</titleabbrev>
++++

NOTE: The user profile feature is designed for indirect use through {kib} and
Elastic’s {observability}, {ents}, and {elastic-sec} solutions. Direct use is
not supported. Elastic reserves the right to change or remove this feature in

> future releases without prior notice.

Author: @lockewritesdocs Please feel free to rephrase this admonition. I mostly copied from the [Fleet search API doc page](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/reference/current/fleet-search.html).

> NOTE: The user profile feature is designed for indirect use through {kib} and
> Elastic’s {observability}, {ents}, and {elastic-sec} solutions. Direct use is
> not supported. Elastic reserves the right to change or remove this feature in
> future releases without prior notice.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: The user profile feature is designed only for use by {kib} and
Elastic’s {observability}, {ents}, and {elastic-sec} solutions. Individual
users and external applications should not call this API directly. Elastic reserves
the right to change or remove this feature in future releases without prior notice.
```

Reviewer: @ywangd, here's a suggested change to the text that would apply to the notes in other files.
